README.md, before:

# asl-puml

[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/massfords/asl-puml/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/asl-puml.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/asl-puml)

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/asl-puml.png?stars=true)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/asl-puml)

Generates a plantuml state diagram from a valid [**Amazon States Language**](https://states-language.net/spec.html) file. 

## Install
```bash
# Use via the CLI
npm install -g asl-puml
# Use in your code
npm install asl-puml
```

## CLI
```bash
$ asl-puml --help

  Usage: asl-puml [options]

  Amazon States Language to PUML

  Options:

    -v, --version                       output the version number
    --json-definition <jsonDefinition>  JSON definition
    --json-path <jsonPath>              JSON path
    --silent                            silent mode
    -h, --help                          output usage information
```
Return status:
- `0` if diagram was generated
- `1` if there was an error

## In your code
```javascript
const aslPuml = require('asl-puml');
const definition = require('./path/to/my/state/machine/json/definition');
const { isValid, puml, message } = aslPuml(definition);
if (isValid) {
  console.log(puml)
} else {
  console.error(message);
}
```

## Test
```bash
npm run test
```

## Lint
```bash
npm run lint
```

## See also
- [ASL specifications](https://states-language.net/spec.html)
- [ASL documentation on AWS website](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/step-functions/latest/dg/concepts-amazon-states-language.html)


## License
See [LICENSE](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

- move stereotype to hints - removed type field from hints in favor of using json field - hard coded regex for compensate style - style the catch transitions

README.md, after:

# asl-puml

[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/massfords/asl-puml/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/asl-puml.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/asl-puml)

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/asl-puml.png?stars=true)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/asl-puml)

## What does it do?

Generates a plantuml state diagram from a valid [**Amazon States Language**](https://states-language.net/spec.html) file. 

Example of 

### What about the AWS Toolkit?
A rendering of the step function that matches the rendering from the AWS Development Console is available
for some IDE's but not all. I've seen support for it in [AWS Toolkit for VS Code](https://aws.amazon.com/visualstudiocode/)
but not in [AWS Toolkit for Webstorm](https://aws.amazon.com/webstorm/). 

### Why PlantUML?
It's a simple syntax and has free plugins for VS Code and JetBrains

## Install
```bash
# Use via the CLI
npm install -g asl-puml
# Use in your code
npm install asl-puml
```

## CLI
```bash
$ asl-puml --help

  Usage: asl-puml [options]

  Amazon States Language to PUML

  Options:

    -v, --version                       output the version number
    --json-definition <jsonDefinition>  JSON definition
    --json-path <jsonPath>              JSON path
    --silent                            silent mode
    -h, --help                          output usage information
```
Return status:
- `0` if diagram was generated
- `1` if there was an error

## In your code
```javascript
const aslPuml = require('asl-puml');
const definition = require('./path/to/my/state/machine/json/definition');
const { isValid, puml, message } = aslPuml(definition);
if (isValid) {
  console.log(puml)
} else {
  console.error(message);
}
```

## Test
```bash
npm run test
```

## Lint
```bash
npm run lint
```

## See also
- [ASL specifications](https://states-language.net/spec.html)
- [ASL documentation on AWS website](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/step-functions/latest/dg/concepts-amazon-states-language.html)
- [PlantUML state diagram documentation](https://plantuml.com/state-diagram)

## License
See [LICENSE](./LICENSE).
